Here is the list to consider for one day family trip from bangalore or one day bike trip from bangalore :-

1. Nandi Hills, Karnataka - Hillocks borrowed from heaven (one day trip from bangalore)

Known For : Paragliding in Nandi Hills Tipu's Drop  Tipu's Summer Residence

This is the favourite Bangalore getaway for a long Sunday morning drive. Located within 60 km from Bangalore, an amazing view awaits after the beautiful drive via NH 7. It’s one of the best one day trips from Bangalore if you’re looking for a rejuvenating and peaceful break from the hustle bustle of the city. If you arrive here in the morning, make sure you reach prior to the sunrise. It’s the best sunrise in Bangalore that you’ll ever see. That’s a promise! :)

Best Time: October to June


2. Mysore, Karnataka - A glimpse of Southern India (weekend trips from bangalore)

Known For : Mysore Palace  Brindavan Gardens  Somanathapura Temple

If you want to do a one day trip from Bangalore admiring architectural marvels from the Tipu Sultan era and the British Raj, Mysore is the place for you. You can go and spend time at the Mysore Palace, which is the heart of the Dasara celebrations in the state. You should also pay a visit to the famous Mysore Zoo and drive up the Chamundi Hills, where a set of marvellous temples await you along with a stunning view from atop. Located about 140 kms from Bangalore, Mysore is a perfect quick getaway.

Best Time: Throughout the year

3. Ramnagaram, Karnataka (bangalore day trips)

Known For : Ramnagara Hills  Ramdevara Temple  Ramadevarabetta hills

Located about 50 km away from Bangalore, this place was Ramgarh in the famous Hindi movie Sholay. If you’re looking for a quick adrenaline rush one day trip from Bangalore, this place dotted by rocks and boulders is the place for you. Trekking, cave exploration, rappelling or any other rocky adventure sport that you would like to try out; Ramanagara has it all for a one day trip from Bangalore. You can take the Mysore Road and get there within less than two hours and experience that entire thrill!

Best Time: November to February

4. Anthargange, Karnataka (day trip near bangalore)

Known For : Cave Exploration  Trekking in Anthargange

If you’re into cave exploring and trekking, then Anthanrgange is one of the best one day trips from Bangalore, for you. Anthargange is situated in the Kolar district of Karnataka in the Shathashrunga range, about 70 km from Bangalore. this range is dotted with hillocks and caves that have been formed from volcanic rocks and boulders. If you’re up for travelling another 30 km, you can pay a visit to the Kotilingeshwara temple as well. An ideal picnic and trekking spot, this is one destination you shouldn’t miss out on!

Best Time: October to March

5. Manchinbele Dam, Karnataka, India (short trips near bangalore)

Designed by Sir M. Vishweshwarya, the dam is surrounded by the magnificent Savandurga Hills. Located around 50 km away from the city, this spot is loved by bird watchers and sought after by people for the sunset that can be viewed here. Apart from that, it has some great adventure sports to offer you. With the likes of kayaking, rappelling and raft building, this spot is bound to get you breathless; in a good way, of course.

6. Hogenakkal, Tamil Nadu - The one that will take your breath away (one day trip bangalore)

Known For : Hogenakkal Falls  Mettur Dam  Melagiri Hills

Known as the ‘Niagara Falls of India’, these milky falls are located about 180 km away in Tamil Nadu. These falls are a sight to behold and are frequented by many Bangaloreans for its tranquil atmosphere and dazzling views. It is one of the oldest waterfalls in South East Asia, popular mainly for its medicinal baths and the boat ride in the local boat that is known as Teppa. If you were looking for a refreshing experience in one-day trips near Bangalore, this is one of the best that you get!

Best Time: October to March

7. Skandagiri, Bangalore (day trips from bangalore)

Here is yet another spot for the trek lovers, located about 60 km away from the beautiful city. If you’re a history buff as well, then even better! It will take you less than two hours to get there if you drive down the NH 7 route. The hills let you witness ruins that date back to almost the 18th century. Apart from the beautiful ruins and view, this place is known for its night treks. So, if you’re the midnight adventure kinds, you know where to head to! ;)

8. Shivanasamundram Falls, Karnataka - The guardian of waterfalls (falls near bangalore for one day trip)

Known For : Activities near Shivanasamundram Waterfall  Barachukki and Gaganachukki Falls  Shopping in Shivanasamundram

Situated about 135 km away from the city, this splendid waterfall is one of the best one day trip around Bangalore. It’s a beautiful long drive via NH209 after which lovely scenic views await you. The falls are a branch of the Cauvery River which forms two walls. It is blessed with beautiful temples and lush greenery and a peaceful calm that you’ll fall in love with. The trekking trails are absolutely beautiful and if you’re one of those photographers, then you’re going to be clicking away on one day from Bangalore.

Best Time: August to February

9. Bheemeshwari, Karnataka - A getaway for fishing (best one day trip from bangalore)

Known For : Cauvery Fishing Camp Doddamakkali Nature Camp  Boat Rides in Bheemeshwari

About 105 km away from the garden city, lies the beautiful Bheemeshwari. The Wildlife Sanctuary here is a paradise for all you nature lovers. It offers amazing trekking trails and camps at their well-known jungle lodges that is enclosed in lush greenery. A range of adventure sports is available here to keep you up and running along with delicious food and chai. You can go trekking; try raft building, jumaring, river rafting and the like. Or you could just sit by the bank and spend a few hours in solace on a one day trip from Bangalore.

Best Time: Throughout the year

10. Savandurga, Karnataka

Situated around 50 km away and perfect for a one day trip from Bangalore, these hills are one of the largest monoliths in Asia. A beautiful drive via Mysore road will refresh you on that sleepy weekend morning. One of the best trekking destinations near the city, it comprises of two peaks – Karigudda and Billigudda. The hills offer you a serene atmosphere and the chance to get a thrilling experience while you indulge in trekking and rock climbing. A good trek, an amazing view, and a ruined fort at the top that you can explore – what more could you ask for?

Best Time: November to May

11. Avani, Kolar

A small village in Mulbagal taluk, Avanni is situated about 10 miles from Kolar Gold Fields. This famous rock climbing destination is 13 km from Mulbagal. It is prominent because of his legend. Apparently, Sita gave birth to the twins lava – kusha in Avani, and according to local beliefs, the author of Ramayana, the great sage Valmiki resided in this place. Popularly known as the Gaya of the South, Avani has many ancient temples like the Lakshmaneshwara, Ramalingeshwara, Shatrugneshwara, and Bharateshwara.

12. Chunchi Falls, Bangalore

The 50 feet high Chunchi Falla fed by the Arkavati river lies enroute to Mekedattu. It is considered as one of the most mesmerising waterfalls in Bangalore that is adorned with lush green avenue on the way. You’ll find this scenic beauty 83 km away on the outskirts of Bangalore. During the monsoon and winter months, you’ll notice an increase in the number of tourists and adventure enthusiasts at this spot.

13. Talakad, Karnataka

Known For : Somanathapura  Panchalina Darshana  Mallikarjuna Temple

This quaint mystical town which is one of the best one day trips near Bangalore is known as the ‘Kashi of South India’ for housing many beautiful temples belonging to various dynasties that ruled here. If you are a history buff or have a love for architecture, Talakad is sure to liven up your senses. Located on the banks of River Kaveri, this place has 5 Shivalingas which give it a spiritual touch as well.

Best Time: November to March

14. Muthyala Maduvu, Bangalore

Popularly known as the pearl valley of Karnataka, Muthyala Maduvu is located at a distance of 40 km from Central Bangalore. Muthyala Maduvu is famous for the beautiful mountain ranges that it overlooks and a waterfall that highlights the place. The name Muthyala Maduvu in Kannada translates to ‘Pearl Pond’. There is a Shiva Temple in the premises where pooja is offered every morning. With rich biodiversity and trekking spots, this place is a favourite spot among Bangaloreans for a one day trip.

15. Devarayanadurga, Bangalore (bangalore 1 day trip)

‘Fort of the God’ is what Devarayanadurga is popularly called as. Located very close to Tumkur in Karnataka, the place is 4000 feet above sea level. If you’re a trekker, then this is your paradise. The forest department of Karnataka declared it as a reserved protective forest as various hillocks and wildlife surrounding it. It is said to be 2000 years old built in the Dravidian style. Within its premises, there are two temples; one built on the hillock – Yoga Narasimha and another made at the foot of the hillock – Bhoga Narasimha.

16. Bilikal Rangaswamy Betta, Bangalore (short trips from bangalore)

70 km south of Bangalore city is this beautiful hill on the Kanakpura road. Atop the Bilikal Betta is a vast granite rock below which is a temple dedicated to Lord Ranganathaswamy. Filled with shrub forest at the height of 3780 feet; the hill belongs to the Forest Reserve. It is rich in biodiversity with elephants and other wild-life with vegetation over high hills. The annual festival is held once every year on January 14.

17. Nrityagram, Karnataka (bangalore one day trip)

Known For : Temple of Dedication Amphitheatre  Dance Gurukuls

Nrityagram is a‘dance village’ located at a distance of 35 km from the city and one of the unique options for day trips from Bangalore. Set up by the famous Odissi dancer, Protima Bedi, this place and community is dedicated to nurturing dance forms and has several Dance Gurukuls. One can always find students honing their traditional dance skills as it is frequented by enthusiasts from all over the world. Go here if art and culture are your callings. One can also visit the Hessarghatta reservoir, located 5km from the village.

Best Time: February to Apr, October to December
